Hi!
Oh no...
Hi!!!
You're recording...
Wrong. Again.
Marcelina. Life with G2 Mini. Sum up.
We arrived in our mountain hut in Reunion
In a green jungle, it was unreal
For the first time in my life I felt like getting up at 3 a.m. just to go sightseeing
We were busy the entire time, always doing something
We decided to visit a volcano
It's best to get there as early in the day as possible
We got to the top, which we couldn't really see
Because it was so foggy
We were looking for a spot to record the episode
We came across a place that looked like the surface of the Moon
I felt like sticking a Polish flag in the ground
To show that I was here
And a footprint!
We had a few scary moments
It was really steep
We carried all the equipment with us
Suddenly we heard a loud noise
We looked back and saw that Arno, our guide, had rolled down the slope
It looked terryfying
Luckily he just got up and dusted himself off
He's an undestructible man
It was great to spend some time at the markets
There's plenty of great colorful places there
I bought a ukulele
To learn to play it before the concert
I recorded myself using the phone
During these few days I managed to learn enough to play it at the concert
That was really satisying
What I liked the best on Mauritius was the water adventures
And the time with dolphins
We took a boat to a place where they were supposed to appear
Every time I saw them they were gone before I jumped in the water
We tried to dive as deep as possible, which was difficult
I hadn't suspected I could dive so deep
We needed great shots and we couldn't get enough material
Back home, we went through the footage and suddenly saw this shot
With a whole group of dolphins swimming in slow motion
Small ones, big ones... best shot ever
Snorkeling was totally great
We saw beautiful fish and coral reef
Just like a giant aquarium
A few of us got scratched by the corals
Which was dangerous, since we heard it can latch on to the body
They wanted to make a teaser where I appear in different places
And walk ahead
With the landscape chaning around me
I had dreams about it
"Teaser! Action! One, two three..."
I just walked on obediently
The editing and sound for the videos was done in Warsaw
It was great that Robert Cichy, my guitarist and producer could join me there
He played the concert with us
He really got into it
Every video has its own story
The music helps tell these stories
All of this would not have been possible without LG, Socialyse and Urban Legend, who recorded everything
It was a great adventure, to be able to go to these places
And create a more unconventional campaign
The phone deifinitely passed the test
I recorded a lot of sounds and inspirations
It was a great adventure, I could do this all the time